A whole 100,000 of silver was stolen from the treasury
The crime of stealing the treasury is unpardonable
The whole person wants ministers
I order you to investigate this case thoroughly
If anyone refuses to accept
Can be cut first and then played
Children's lord
When was the body found?
According to Shenmen's dentist
I found it when I came to deliver the meal this morning
I didn't believe it this morning
He's been in jail for seven days.
This stuff stinks
Could it be that
Did no one bring him a meal during these 7 days?
Sent
It's just that the dentist who delivered the meal before came home sick
That's why I got a new dentist
Your Highness, do you want Xiao Chan to capture the person?
No need, I must be dead
You go and call five seats to do an autopsy on him
Then bury him